Amazon dropped something wild, an AI
agent that clicks buttons for you. This
thing books flights, orders food, fills
out forms, all without you touching the
keyboard. It's called Nova Act, and it's
changing everything. Today, I'm showing
you exactly how this works and why every
business needs to pay attention right
now. And forget everything you know
about AI chatbots. This is not chat GPT.
This is not Claude. This is not another
tool that just talks to you and gives
you answers. This thing actually does
the work. Amazon just made their Nova
Act agent available to everyone and the
results are insane. Companies are
reporting over 90% automation success.
That means nine out of 10 tasks get done
perfectly without a human touching
anything. Let me break down what just
happened. Amazon has this AI system
called Nova. It's their next generation
AI model. And they just released Nova
Act which is which is the agent version.
Think of it like this. Regular AI tools
give you information. Nova Act takes
action. It opens websites. It fills
forms. It clicks buttons. It completes
tasks all automatically. Here's what
makes this different from everything
else out there. Most AI agents are just
prototypes. They're cool demos that
don't really work in the real world.
Novaact is production ready. That means
real businesses are using it right now
to automate real work. And it's actually
working. We're talking about enterprise
level reliability here. Hey, if we
haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. So, what can this thing actually
do? Let me show you some real examples.
Nova Act can go to a travel website,
search for flights, compare prices, and
book the ticket for you. It can order
products from shopping sites, fill out
registration forms, schedule
appointments, navigate dashboards, and
enter data. all the boring, repetitive
stuff that eats up your day. The agent
handles it. And here's the crazy part.
It's not just doing simple tasks. This
AI can handle complex workflows. Like
imagine you need to gather data from
five different websites, put it in a
spreadsheet, and send a summary email.
Nova Act can do all of that in one go.
You just tell it what you need and it
figures out the steps. The technology
behind this is what Amazon calls
multimodal AI. That means it can
understand text, images, and even video.
So, it's not just reading words on a
screen. It's actually seeing the
interface like a human would. It knows
where buttons are. It understands forms.
It can navigate websites the same way
you do. And if you want the full
breakdown on how to use AI agents like
Nova Act to automate your business and
save hundreds of hours, you need to
check out the AI profit boardroom. This
is where we go deep on AI automation
strategies, real implementations, real
results. We're helping businesses scale
using tools exactly like this. link is
in the description. If you're serious
about using AI to grow your business and
get more customers, this is where you
need to be. So, Amazon built this on
their bedrock platform. That's their AI
infrastructure that powers everything.
And they made Nova super fast and super
cheap compared to other AI models. So,
you're getting cutting edge performance
without breaking the bank. Plus, you can
customize it with your own data. Add
your company's specific knowledge, make
it work exactly how you need it to work.
Think about your own business for a
second. How many hours do you spend on
tasks that are basically the same every
time? Copying information from one
system to another, filling out the same
forms, checking websites for updates,
all of that can be automated now. And
we're not talking about some future
technology. This is available today.
Here's something else that's huge.
Amazon released developer tools for Nova
Act. They have an SDK. They have IDE
extensions for Visual Studio Code,
Cursor, and other coding environments.
That means developers can build custom
agents for specific use cases. You can
create an agent that's trained on your
exact workflow, make it perfect for your
business needs. Let me give you a real
world scenario. Let's say you run an
e-commerce business. You need to check
competitor prices every day, update your
own prices, manage inventory, respond to
customer questions. With Novaact, you
could build an agent that handles all of
this. Check competitor sites, update
your pricing automatically, send alerts
when inventory is low, even draft
responses to common customer questions,
all running in the background while you
focus on growing the business. Or maybe
you're in marketing. You need to post
content across multiple platforms, track
analytics, compile reports. An agent
could post your content on schedule,
pull data from different analytics
tools, create weekly reports
automatically. You're saving hours every
single week. The interface is designed
to be reliable. Amazon focused heavily
on making sure these agents actually
complete tasks correctly. That 90%
success rate I mentioned earlier, that's
coming from real enterprise deployments.
These aren't inflated numbers. Companies
are trusting Nova Act with important
workflows because it actually works. And
it's not just about saving time. It's
about scaling. When you automate tasks
with AI agents, you can handle 10 times
more volume without hiring 10 times more
people. You can expand into new markets,
launch new products, try new strategies,
all without drowning in operational
work. Amazon also made this really
accessible. You don't need to be a tech
genius to use it. The basic version
works through simple commands. Tell it
what you want done and it figures out
how to do it. For more complex stuff,
yeah, you might want a developer, but
the barrier to entry is way lower than
you'd think. Now, here's what I'm seeing
in the broader AI space. We're moving
from AI that informs to AI that
performs. For the last two years,
everyone's been using chat GPT and
similar tools to get information, write
emails, generate ideas. That's useful.
But agents like Nova Act are the next
level. They're taking action in the real
world. They're completing actual
business tasks. That's a massive shift.
And Amazon isn't the only one working on
this, but they're one of the first to
release something that's truly
production ready. Other companies have
agent prototypes. Amazon has a system
that businesses are deploying right now.
That matters because it means the
technology is mature enough to trust
with real work. The timing is
interesting too. This came out of AWS
reinvent which is Amazon's big developer
conference. They announced the whole
Nova 2 model family. Nova Act is the
agent. Nova Canvas creates images. Nova
Real generates videos. They're building
a complete AI ecosystem. But Nova Act is
the one that's going to change how
businesses operate day-to-day. If you're
watching this and thinking about how to
implement AI in your business, don't
overthink it. Start experimenting. The
tools are available now. The technology
works. The only question is whether
you're going to be early or late to
adopt it. And in business, early movers
get the advantage. So, here's your
action plan. Go check out Nova Act. Read
the documentation. Think about your
workflows. Pick one to automate. Test
it. Refine it. Then scale it up. And if
you want help with this process, if you
want to learn from people who are
already implementing AI agents
successfully, join the AI profit
boardroom. We're documenting everything,
sharing what works, helping each other
avoid mistakes. That's the fastest way
to get results with this stuff. The
future of work is changing fast. AI
agents aren't coming. They're here. Nova
Act is proof of that. The question isn't
whether this technology will transform
businesses. It's whether your business
will be one of the ones leading the
transformation or playing catchup later.
This is just the beginning, too. Amazon
will keep improving Nova Act. Add more
features, make it more powerful. We're
watching the first generation of truly
useful AI agents roll out right now. 5
years from now, everyone will be using
tools like this. The businesses that
start now will have years of experience
and optimization built up. That's a
massive advantage. And if you want the
full breakdown on how to use AI agents
like Nova Act to automate your business
and save hundreds of hours, you need to
check out the AI profit boardroom. This
is where we go deep on AI automation
strategies, real implementations, real
results. We're helping businesses scale
using tools exactly like this. Link is
in the description. If you're serious
about using AI to grow your business and
get more customers, this is where you
need to be. And if you want the full
process, SOPs, and 100 plus AI use cases
like this one, join the AI success lab,
links in the comments and description.
You'll get all the video notes from
there, plus access to our community of
38,000 members who are crushing it with
AI. This is where you learn how to
actually implement this stuff. Not just
watch videos about it, but get hands-on
and make it work for your business. All
right, that's it for today. Hit the like
and subscribe button and I will see you
in the next one.